# System_Analysis_Design
## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass product stems from a business need for better driver training for prospective new drivers. The client is a company that owns a driving school, providing driving lessons, tests and training materials for drivers intending on getting their license. The system needed to be accessible 24/7 and cross-platform compatible, hence choosing a web-server based architecture with a client-server model. Allowing customers to access the application over HTTPS allows for cross-platform compatibility, allowing the system to reach the most customers possible. The system will provide customers an LMS, or Learning Management System, that provides online training, test taking, the ability to book and instructor and to book driving lessons.

## What did you do particularly well?
Some of the things I did well here was flushing out functional and non-functional requirements for the DriverPass project. I was able to take the interview transcript provided and translate the business requirements into technical ones, providing a clear path to writing stories for engineers to deliver features. I also feel like I was able to identify the major limitations and risks for the application, which is useful when setting expectations of what the system will be able to deliver, and not deliver. 

## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I think I would pick some of my UML documents from Project 2 design document and revise them. I feel like I could improve these documents, especially after viewing some other peers documents and seeing some ideas I'd like to add to my own. Specifically my UML Class documentation could be improved to better show relationships between classes and more accurately depict their depedencies. 

## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The users needs are directly tied to the quality of your end product. If we've missed or ignored their requests, their satisfaction with the end product will be less than satisfactory. This would lead to additional work and rework of features after product delivery, costing valuable engineering time and reducing business productivity. For DriverPass, I made sure to carefully scrutinize the interview transcript and translated each customer ask into a specific requirement for the DriverPass system. 

## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
My approach for designing software is several fold. Clearly understanding business objectives and goals is the first step. This will help identify the framework for the product and will help develop a road-map to building a minimum viable product. Next, gathering user stories from business stakeholders will help us generate functional and non-functional requirements critical to the product. Things like what frameworks to use, what language and what required components the system will need can all be derived from these stories, providing a pathway to building a product that meets business requirements and is scalable and supportable.  
